<!--
Whether it's the thought of discovering a new problem domain or the thought of 
learning something new, starting a new project always seems to spur motivation,
and there's always something to learn from it.
-->

My [new Go blog](https://github.com/tonyhb/tonyhb.co.uk) only took 7 hours to 
build from 0 to release. it's extremely simple, and if you compare it to 
something Wordpress it's almost featureless. But because it does what it needs 
to and&mdash;it does it well it&mdash;doesn't bother me at all.

To have a product shipped **all that matters is that the core experience is 
done well.** Everything else should be secondary. Whether you're working on a 
startup, building an open source product or doing something personal, running 
lean&mdash;that is, focusing on the problem and solving it well&mdash;will 
save time, money, and effort.

It's hard to follow when you're a designer pushing for a perfect design or 
you're a developer after a perfect codebase. Iterating fast when you think 
there are improvements to be made feels wrong, but as Eric Reis says: "The 
only way to win is to learn faster than anyone else".  

<div class="image">
    <img alt="GitHub's initial design" src="/public/img/github-original.png">
</div>
<small class="image-caption">GitHub's code browser from the first internet 
archive scan.<br>The core experience hasn't changed much.</small>

GitHub is a good example of this. They ran with their old design even though 
there were improvements to be made, and it didn't hinder them one bit.  Why? 
Because they focused on the core experience and did it well, even if it 
wasn't perfect.

So when you're working on a feature, ask yourself: "Does this really matter?".
If it's a secondary feature then you can bet that your time is better spent
somewhere else.
